# Title

Project for the Telematics course. The objective is to implement essential functionalities of a stub resolver, a recursive resolver, an authoritative DNS server, and to manage namespaces. The project involved the creation of dedicated threads for each DNS server, each listening on their own specific IP addresses and UDP port 53053 to handle incoming requests. Upon receiving a request, a new thread is spawned to process it. Requests are transmitted using JSON strings to demonstrate their utility and clarify their structure.

The recursive resolver incorporates a cache to improve performance and mimics network delays to illustrate the advantages of caching. Additionally, comprehensive log files are generated by each DNS server to document the operations performed.



## Table Of Content

- [Course content](#course-content)
- [Grading](#grading)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Example pictures](#example-pictures)
- [Contribution](#contribution)


## Course content

The purpose of this project is to further explore and solidify the concepts learned in the Telematics course.

Telematik ist Telekommunikation mit Hilfe von Mitteln der Informatik und befasst sich mit Themen der technischen Nachrichtenübertragung, Rechnernetze, Internet-Techniken, WWW, und Netzsicherheit.

Behandelte Themen sind unter anderem folgende:
- Allgemeine Grundlagen: Protokolle, Dienste, Modelle, Standards, Datenbegriff;
- Nachrichtentechnische Grundlagen: Signale, Codierung, Modulation, Medien;
- Sicherungsschicht: Datensicherung, Medienzugriff;
- Lokale Netze: IEEE-Standards, Ethernet, Brücken;
- Vermittlungsschicht: Wegewahl, Router, Internet-Protokoll (IPv4, IPv6);
- Transportschicht: Dienstgüte, Flussteuerung, Staukontrolle, TCP;
- Internet: Protokollfamilie rund um TCP/IP;
- Anwendungen: WWW, Sicherheitsdienste, Netzwerkmanagement;
- Neue Netzkonzepte


## Grading

| Assignment  | Grade |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| project | passed  |
| exam  | passed  |

## Getting Started 
How to run the code:

## TODO Example pictures

## Contribution

* Thore Brehmer - solved project
* Jonny Lam - 